Update Migrations Guide (#15130)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/07_Updating_Pimcore/11_Preparing_for_V11.md

# Preparing Pimcore for Version 11

## Upgrade to Pimcore 10.6
- Upgrade to version 10.6.x, if you are using a lower version.

## Code Changes
- [Type hints] Check and add **return type hints** for classes extending Pimcore classes or implementing interfaces provided by Pimcore, based on the source phpdoc or comments on the methods.

>   The return types will be added to Pimcore classes, so you `must` add return types to your classes extending Pimcore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The return types will be added to Pimcore classes, so you _**must**_ add return types to your classes extending Pimcore.
```

- [Symfony]
  - Require `symfony/dotenv` package in your projct to keep using `.env` files and stop using `PIMCORE_SKIP_DOTENV_FILE` env var as by default it is skipped. You  still could use environment specific file like `.env.test` or `.env.prod` for environment specific environment variables. 
    ```bash
    composer require --no-update symfony/dotenv
    ```
- [Deprecations] Constant `PIMCORE_PHP_ERROR_LOG` is deprecated and will be removed in Pimcore 11

## Migrations
Make sure that migrations are executed.

> It highly depends on your deployment process how to handle migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to handle them highly depends on your deployment process.
```

> You can call `bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate` at any given time manually or in your deployment pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually call `bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate` at any time or add it in your deployment pipeline.
```

> If you are sure you can run all available migrations including bundles and your app-specific migrations after `composer update`, just include the following part in your `composer.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are sure you can run all available migrations after `composer update`, including bundles and your app-specific migrations, just include the following part in your `composer.json` file:
```

```json
"post-update-cmd": [
    "./bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate"
]
```

## Configuration Adaptions

> - [Security] Enable New Security Authenticator and adapt your security.yaml as per changes [here](https://github.com/pimcore/demo/blob/11.x/config/packages/security.yaml) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Security] Enable New Security Authenticator and adapt your `security.yaml` file as per changes [here](https://github.com/pimcore/demo/blob/11.x/config/packages/security.yaml):
```

    ```
    security:
        enable_authenticator_manager: true
    ```
    Points to consider when moving to new Authenticator:
  - New authentication system works with password hasher factory instead of encoder factory.
  - BruteforceProtectionHandler will be replaced with Login Throttling.
  - Custom Guard Authenticator will be replaced with Http\Authenticator.
  
- [Config Environment] Replace deprecated setting write targets and storage directory in the .env file with symfony config
    ```bash
    PIMCORE_WRITE_TARGET_IMAGE_THUMBNAILS=symfony-config
    PIMCORE_WRITE_TARGET_CUSTOM_REPORTS=settings-store
  
    PIMCORE_CONFIG_STORAGE_DIR_IMAGE_THUMBNAILS=/var/www/html/var/config/image-thumbnails
    ```

>   For example see the Demo Configuration [here](https://github.com/pimcore/demo/blob/7add4ddd30be82687ba5c4bbef8048e794e58923/config/config.yaml#L28)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, see the [Demo Configuration](https://github.com/pimcore/demo/blob/7add4ddd30be82687ba5c4bbef8048e794e58923/config/config.yaml#L28).
```

            type: 'symfony-config'
            options:
              directory: '/var/www/html/var/config/image-thumbnails'
        document_types:
          write_target:
            type: 'settings-store'
        
        # other available write targets are the following
        # video_thumbnails:
        # web_to_print:
        # predefined_properties:
        # staticroutes:
        # perspectives:
        # custom_views:
        # object_custom_layouts:
    ```
    

>     You might also adapt write from other extensions, like Datahub. 

Reviewer: Not sure about this one... is it "the writing from other extensions"?

> ## Additional Things to consider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Things to Consider
```

    composer require --no-update pimcore/compatibility-bridge-v10
    ```
    This package provides backward compatibility layer for some Pimcore 10 classes.

> - [Definition Files] Make sure your definition files in `var/classes` are up-to-date and all default values are set correctly by running following migration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Definition Files] Make sure your definition files in `var/classes` are up-to-date and all default values are set correctly by running following migration:
```
